Your child has been diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder and you have
asked for help. This is an important turning point in a long journey.
For some families, it may be the point when, after a long search for
answers, you now have a name for something you didnâ€™t know what to call,
but you knew existed. Perhaps you suspected autism, but held out hope
that an evaluation would prove otherwise. Many fami- lies report mixed
feelings of sadness and relief when their child is diagnosed. You may
feel completely overwhelmed. You may also feel relieved to know that the
concerns you have had for your child are valid. Whatever it is you feel,
know that thousands of parents share this journey. You are not alone.
There is reason to hope. There is help. Now that you have the diagnosis,
the question is, where do you go from here? The Autism Speaks 100 Day
Kit was created to help you make the best possible use of the next 100
days in the life of your child. It contains informa- tion and advice
collected from trusted and respected experts on autism and parents like
you. Why Does My Child Need a Diagnosis of Autism? Parents are usually
the  rst to notice the early signs of autism. You probably noticed that
your child was developing differently from his or her peers.

The differences may have existed from birth or may have become more
noticeable later. Sometimes, the differ- ences are severe and obvious to
everyone. In other cases, they are more subtle and are  rst recognized
by a daycare provider or preschool teacher.
